feat(replay): Add docs for custom web worker (#8458)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/index.mdx

child-src 'self' blob:
```

> If you don't want to update your CSP policy to allow inline web workers, you can also [use a custom compression worker](./configuration#using-a-custom-compression-worker) instead.

Reviewer: I wouldn't describe this as a "want" --

```suggestion
If you're unable to update your CSP policy to allow inline web workers, you can also [use a custom compression worker](./configuration#using-a-custom-compression-worker) instead.
```
